Most useful

    Understanding Morphological Image Processing and Its Operations
        What did the authors try to accomplish?
            This article is a very good introduction to the two most widely used morphological operations.
            Talks about erosion, dilation, closing, opening, and edge detection.
        What were the key elements of the approach?
            It explains clearly when the value is 1 and 0 when using either erosion or dilation by introducing the process of fit, hit, and miss. I haven't seen them used before.
        What can you use yourself?
            Can be used in a presentation on the topic in the introduction part.
        What other references do you want to follow?
            It has a reference to this: [1] P Soille. “Morphological Image Analysis, Principles and Applications”, 1999. Could the part with applications help? Yes, just checked - chapter 6: Geodesic Transformations has sections for morphological reconstruction. Definitely will review in the future. Maybe there will be an inspiring application in chapter 12 so will review it as well.

    Intro to Morphological Reconstruction
        What did the authors try to accomplish?
            Present in a clear and concise manner what this opeations entails.
        What were the key elements of the approach?
            Lots of very useful examples.
            No Maths.
        What can you use yourself?
            It turns out that morphological reconstruction is actually another type of morphological opeations. I thouht it was something like an application of them / an algorithm.
            This operation builds on top of dilation.
            Can be used in a presentation as a general structure to follow.
            Can be used in a presentation when giving examples.
        What other references do you want to follow?
            The last part (at the very bottom) is called "Applications of Morphological Reconstruction" and could be used for the second part of the project, but also the theorical part (where applications are discussed).



Moderate



Not useful



